# L03.03_WidgetsAndAdapters
Lecture 03 - 03 Widgets and Adapters, DISCA - UPV, Development of apps for mobile devices.

A number of buttons provides access to a different activity that displays different kind of Widgets that require an adapter to create the Views to display the associated data:
- AutoCompleteTextView: Displays a TextField that will provide options to autocomplete the name of a Spanish provinces.
- Spinner: Two Spinners display the list of Spanish provinces. One displays static data and the other allows todynamically add and remove elements from the list. A Toast displays the province name when selected in the Spinner.
- ListView: Displays the name, old car plate code and flag for each Spanish province using a custom layout. A custom ArrayAdapter is used to generate the Views and populate them with the data. A Toast displays the name of the province selected when clicked on the list. A long click will remove the selected province from the list.
- GridView: Displays the name, old car plate code and flag for each Spanish province using a custom layout (different from the one used for ListView). The same custom ArrayAdapter used for ListView is used here to generate the Views and populate them with the data. A Toast displays the name of the province selected when clicked on the grid. A long click will remove the selected province from the grid.
- RecyclerView: Three RecyclerViews display the name, old car plate code and flag for each Spanish province using a custom layout. A custom RecyclerView.Adapter is used to generate the Views and populate them with the data. The first RecyclerView makes use of a LinearLayoutManager to display provinces in a vertical list, the second one displays them horizontally, and the third one makes use of a GridLayoutmanager to display them vertically in 3 columns. A Toast displays the name of the province selected in any RecyclerView.
- ExpandableListView: Displays the name and flag of each Spanish communities. Each element, once clicked, is expanded to display  the name, old car plate code and flag for each Spanish province. A Toast displays the name of the province selected when clicked on the list.
